It is of course Friday and if you are
feeling thirsty well it seems like you
could be doing a lot worse than heading
to Ballayoni which is an Italian themed
outlet that's just been named the
world's very best. It's the first time
an Asian venue has taken the crown and
this one is only about 3 years old. So
joining us now is Balion co-founder
Lorenzo Antinori in studio with us. So,
we were just talking there in the in the
outbreak about the the process and you
weren't sure if you would make it to
number one, but just talk us through.
Yes, you you weren't called number
three. You thought you might be number
three. So, just just finish off. You
made it to number one. What happened?
>> Uh well, it was an incredible emotion
because we got called as we thought we
were number third and then suddenly they
announced that the winner and uh we were
on stage. such a such an emotion
especially being in Hong Kong and uh the
the whole event being hosted in Hong
Kong in front of our friends and our
family. It just made it so special and
uh yes it it will take a few days to
recover from from this but
>> recover from the party do you mean or
recover from the from the award?
>> I mean it's been we we we were just me
it's only been three years and you guys
have gone out from strength to strength.
How do you like as someone who oversees
the product and your your offering, how
do you like where do you go from here?
Like how do you improve the the bar?
>> It's a good question. You know, we never
take these awards as the ultimate goal.
The the awards are a consequence of the
work that we put on every day uh in in
the venue. for us is always been how do
we improve what we have and u from you
know yesterday we came back to the bar
and uh okay we need to change some
tables needs to be fixed the lighting
the music so every day is an opportunity
to improve the product and the quality
because I think this is what actually
consumer are looking for these days I
>> we'll go more into what consumers are
looking for because we talk often about
how how challenged the backdrop has been
for FMB in Hong Kong and and how much
people haven't been willing spend on on
pricier offerings. What what does it
look like for you?
>> I think it's about really focusing on
creating quality experiences. I think
after covid uh consumer nowadays are
picking the moment and the time uh to go
out to uh to to spend their money and uh
and I think those moments need this to
be quality moments need this to have um
also the reason why I think Barlon was
successful was because um consumer
managed to probably connect on an
emotional level with the venue itself
and um we we are very mindful about the
pricing that uh that we offer and and
the quality. So I think moving forward
is going to be really that balance
between quality, affordability and
creating also a space that is accessible
and is affordable the most. M
>> much has been made over this trend as
you go further down the demographic the
younger the crowd the less people tend
to be drinking these days. Is that how
is that affecting how you look at the
business generally speaking?
>> And is that something you're seeing by
the way?
>> For sure. I think uh the younger
generation u they are more I think they
have more knowledge about what they're
drinking.
>> Okay.
>> Um this is because of all the media
tools that we have.
>> I think it's important from our end as
an operator to uh understand their needs
and just create offerings that are able
to fulfill their their needs. So having
a a good quality non-alcoholic offering,
having a vegan option, a vegetarian
option on the menu, I think it's very
important not to be stubborn. It's
important to be flexible, to be dynamic,
and and constantly uh be able to change
the the offering and being able for
changes.
>> Can we ask you though what what the
average spend looks like and and has
that changed at all over the past three
years
>> since you've been winning and winning?
>> Well, Baron, we are an Italian cocktail
bar and I think at the at the heart of
any Italian experiences, that's where I
where I was born. There is always the
this sense of conviviality. Food and
drinks come together with people and
friends. So the food element for us was
very important and uh I'm very open you
know 20% of our revenue is food uh which
is pretty high for a for a cocktail
venue
>> and um and I think you know we are
looking at probably uh just over 250 on
dollar as a average but of course guests
in Barleon come and they don't just have
cocktails they come they sit they have a
meal yes and I think that's really what
makes the space the place special for us
u food drinks friends all together and
then suddenly these uh these guests they
don't go for dinner they just stay
longer in in our venue and and and it's
great
>> well I I have to say so I the number of
times I've been to the bar was before
you won number one in Asia and world and
one of the first things I actually
noticed was how good the food was at
your place so so kudos on that now
you're in a good position now because
you're number one in the world to in
some ways be a satellite and a sort of
representation of the the FnB industry
in Hong
This next question is not a focus on the
negatives, but what do you think the
government needs to do to improve the
flow of tourists into Hong Kong and to
really make it an FnB center?
>> I think the already there has been some
great efforts. I mean, having the
opportunity to host world's 50 best here
in Hong Kong, Asia's 50 best in Macau.
This is incredible. You know, all the
friends, all the professional, the
industry leaders coming to Hong Kong for
5 days. Uh these are the type of events
that we need. And I think and I'm sure
that the government will will will
keep them having uh coming to the city.
We need them. It's a great also a moment
of conviviality and community which
makes our industry so special.
>> So you've you've have Baliona. You've
you've branched out into Montana, but
what's next? Just give us a sense of of
the the pathway.
>> I like that you mentioned Montana
because it's our new baby and I'm very
proud of it. Well, we are uh we are
opening we're going to open Barleon in
Shangai.
>> Uh it's going to happen in November. We
are very proud because I I I love
Shanghai is a city that has an amazing
FnB, very thriving and uh so November is
the is the the months for us.
>> Where where in Shanghai just very
quickly
>> it's going to be in French concession.
>> Oh, there we go. Fajutier. Fantastic.
It's a fantastic location.